bals belsel
bdibd bdebdel
boech bechel 
boks beksel
bosech besechel 
chebil cheblel
chedechuul chedechulel
cheleched chechedel
chelemakl chelemeklel
cheliuis chellusel
chemachel n.a.s. chemelel
chemadech chemedechel
chemlol chemelngel
cheokl cheklel
chesechosu chesechesuel
chesiu chesungel
chetbael chetbelel 
cheterrerek chetererekel
chidadeb chidedebel
chiekl chiiklel
chirt chertel
chubs chebsel 
chubs chebsel
chuus chusel
dachelbai dachelbil
debes debesel 
delebesakl delebeseklel 
delkakl delkeklel
desiil desilel 
dibard diberdel
diu diul
eabed ebedel 
ekil eklil
ibokill ibokllel
iumd imdel
kak kekengel
kederaol kederolel
kedesomel kedesemelel
kelloi kellingel
kerdik kerdekngel
klechedaol klechedolel
klimang klimelengel 
klsokes klsekesel
kuoku kuekuel
mekesokes mekesekesel 
meolt meltel
mesil meselengel 
molech melechel
ngesachel ngesechelel
ochad ochedal
ochem ochemil
odesongel odesengelel
odikel odkelel
okang okelel
olasech olsechel 
olatech oltechel
olechukl olecheklel
olechull olechellel
oliuch iuechel
oltngakl oltngeklel
omecheroll omecherellel 
omoachel omochelel
ongall ongolel
ongedaol ongedolel
ongelebed ongelebedel
ongelungel ongelngelel
ongereoll ongerellel
ongeromel ongermelel
ongesechusem ongesechesemel
ongesekl ongeseklel
ongirocher ongirecherel
ongit ongtil 
onguum ongumel
orsachel orsechelel
orubek orebekel
orukem orekemel
orumes oremesel
osilek oselekel 
otaor otorel
rabek rebekel
ramek remekel
saker sekerel 
seches sechesel
singch sengchel
sukal sukelengel
suosu suesuel 
tacheb techebel
taiu tiel
tama tamelengel
tang tengal
taoch tochel
taor torel
tebal tebelengel
teberoi tebaringel
techelbakl techelbeklel
temamuu temamungel
terebel terebelel
terriabek terebekel
tolechoi tolchingel
uchub uchebngel
ukar ukerul
ulach ulechal 
ulekbut ulekbetul
ulellumel ulelmelel
ulemetochel ulemetchelel
ulengall ulengolel
w ulengchidel n. coconut husk (often used for kindling);
ulengchedelel n.poss.3sg.
ulengemuul ulengemulel
ullebakel ullebekelel
ullebongel ullebengelel
ullekedakel ullekedekelel
ullemetamel ullemetemel
ullesachel ullesechelel
ulletachel ulletechelel
ulletongel ulletengelel
urech urechel
urrekomel urrekemelel
utoched utechedel
utok utekengel
uuchel uechelel 
